okay this is a quick little video just
to talk to you about what's coming up so
the channel massage ASMR has been an
unbelievable journey for me and we're
coming up to a huge milestone for the
channel which is a hundred thousand
subscribers so I'm going to try and roll
out a number of videos over the period
of time as I get close to 100,000
subscribers and once I hit 100,000
subscribers and I'm really excited to
bring some of those videos to you some
of the menus some of my old some of them
are borrowed and it's basically all
because of your support that's made this
possible and you subscribing to me and
watching my videos and comments and just
help me grow the channel with you a
little insight some of these videos are
actually alive right now hidden around
the channel I found a way to actually
list them while they're unlisted so just
to let you know that a few people are
stumbling across the videos one of the
videos was made public on reddit and so
I've got a number of videos of waiting
to go live which I'm going to try and
hold back until I crack 100,000
subscribers but if you're really keen
and serious there on the channel
somewhere you just got to find them and
people are stumbling across them also
I'd like to let you know that ASMR HQ
did a podcast with me with an interview
which I'll put that in the bottom link
but also we did a little sound
collaboration for a few minutes which
they put onto their YouTube channel so
also put that link down there so it's
like a we did like a live Skype
interview and at the end of the
interview we both recorded the audio on
our own computers and we did a
a live collaboration of our little
sounds and it's quite interesting so
please go over to as my hedge Q's
YouTube channel and if you like them
like the video or if you like them
subscribe to them there are a couple of
ladies that live in Australia and they
make a quite high quality audio
recordings for you that's pretty much
all I want to talk about today and now
I'm really excited about 100k
subscribers and I'm working to try and
bring you a little bit more immersion in
some of my videos
the theory sounds sort of quite simple
but the practicality of recording it is
quite difficult so I'm hoping to bring a
couple of those videos into the
subscriber special Manuel's going to
make an appearance I also I have a
[Music]
gaming collaboration that actually
should be going live any day now and a
bit of a walkthrough so I wanted to try
and do a few gaming walkthroughs I might
put them on my other youtube channel
once I get a few videos on there and if
I do I will let you know and thank you
very much and I look forward to bringing
to you my 100,000 subscriber special
and bring you as many videos as possible
thank you